yeh jawaani hai deewani directed by ayan
Mukerji Anna Dharma production film
sounds Ranbir Kapoor and Deepika
Padukone in the lead roles along with
Aditya Roy Kapur and kalki koechlin yeh
jawaani hai deewani revolves around for
college friends bunny Ranbir Kapoor
naina Deepika Padukone avi Aditya Roy
Kapoor an oddity kalki koechlin who take
on a road trip in the holidays and make
it larger than life with adventurous
spots while bunny is a flirt nan has a
shy on a more focused person I'll he has
no aim in life and apart from bunny an
oddity he saw the Batman is liquor
Alfie's a tomboy who regrets nothing in
fares less his story highlights the
carpets journey and half the friendship
gradually blossoms into love ayan
Mukerji this time is returned with yet
another crazy dramatic feature which
presents numerous shades of life without
mashing up all the ingredients ions
narrators got style and flair and he
textures at gorgeously if anything we
expected iron to stay away from the
unpredictable in the end but that is
where he falters that aside yeh jawaani
hai davanni's brightly glossy and boasts
of crackling chemistry between its lead
actress Deepika and Ranbir the killer
tunes by pritam chakraborty are already
topping the chart since the launch of
its music every song has a unique
feature in it while the complete album
is high on energy the buck kameez dil
kabira and dilliwali girlfriend track
are the pic from it and you would surely
whistle on Marjorie slaying moves over
ghagra music Ranbir Kapoor is the show
stealer in the movie and touches our
hearts with an incredible performance as
for deepika padukone the girl now knows
to act other thyroid couple is a real
fun to watch up and looks equally
charming is run by you hockey coach
dennis funny too and very striking on
the whole yeh jawaani hai davanni's
interesting crazy and filled with
youthfulness nonetheless they will be
shot to work well not only for the young
crowd but for all age groups go watch
this celebration of love and get
mesmerized we at bollywoodbackstage give
yeh jawaani hai deewani three and a half
stars on five
[Music]
you